hi there my name's Trish
11 Glasgow with my partner brain and our
two kids I'm going to show you how to
make harvest vegetable soup it's a
really simple recipe that easily feeds a
farm therefore and it's delicious the
key thing is it's simple and anyone can
make it even me no you can follow as I
go along or you can hit pause at any
time if you want to write something down
aim or whatever okay so what we've got
to do next is the ingredients you'll
need 1 medium sized potato washed and
diced you'll need 2 leeks washed trimmed
and finely sliced you'll need 2 carrots
peeled and sliced you'll need 1 onion
peeled and finely chopped you'll need to
crochet it's sliced 50 grams of frozen
peas which is about half a cup are we
can of tomatoes vegetable stock cube 1
some ground black pepper some fresh
parsley if you want and 750 mils of
water you got that let's get started
I'll say time to grab a pan not a ground
although a bitch makes good soup a pan
this will do the job so firstly you're
going to put in all your prepared
vegetables except the frozen peas and
the tomatoes put them all into the pan
make sure you wash your hands first
then you're gonna add your stock and
your water love get your carrots give
that we start okay you're going to bring
that up to the boil and then you're
going to reduce the heat and simmer okay
let it cook for about 20 minutes so you
got to put a lid on let it cook for 20
minutes or until the vegetables are
tender if you think it needs a little
more water then just add it okay next
you're going to add your frozen peas and
your chopped tomatoes
give it another mr. you're going to cook
those for about five minutes then you're
going to tick off the heat and let it
cool down having let your suit cool for
ten minutes
you're now going to use a hand blender
or a masher to blend your soup how you
like it time to get the sleeves up if
you like your soup begging chunky don't
bother
then you're going to season your soup
with black pepper
I like Lauritz add some fresh parsley if
you want I'm gently reheat until it's
hot let's see if it's ready
mmm I'm sure they're good it's good to
go you can serve it with some nice
crusty bread
and then some in the troops
yeah food sir there you have it
harvest vegetable soup a torture was
easy gone
have a go if I can do it so can you if
you've any tips or recipes please feel
free to share them the links coming up
any saint
you